---
description: A set of standard profiles for each application has been created to allow for one or more of the profiles to be installed at any given time.
seo-description: A set of standard profiles for each application has been created to allow for one or more of the profiles to be installed at any given time.
seo-title: Baseline Profiles
solution: Analytics
title: Baseline Profiles
topic: Data workbench
uuid: 0a34963b-f00a-4b19-85ca-b70e4c1d6fd4
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
---

# Baseline Profiles{#baseline-profiles}

A set of standard profiles for each application has been created to allow for one or more of the profiles to be installed at any given time.

 These baseline profiles include the definitions of standard metrics, dimensions, filters, reports, workspaces, and dashboards. Adobe continuously updates these profiles and makes them available to its licensees through its Software Support program. Additionally, users of Adobe applications can define additional profiles and use them with or instead of the profiles provided by Adobe.

The profile management system allows the overriding of a profile’s configurations by higher level profiles. This feature should be used by users or administrators who want to override any of the definitions incorporated in these profiles after they are installed. Installing new releases of these profiles will overwrite any prior versions. As a result, any changes made to these profiles directly would be overwritten when the new profiles are installed.

Profiles for vertical markets or specific types of companies or industries also may be available from Adobe ClientCare. The following are descriptions of the baseline profiles:

* The **Base profile** includes configuration files that ship with Insight Server. The Base profile should not be modified by the user or Administrator. Any alterations made in the Base profile are subject to being overwritten when Adobe releases a next version of Insight Server or other software application. 
* The **Traffic profile** includes a set of fundamental metrics, dimensions, and filters for web analytics. It also includes template workspaces, reports, and dashboards that facilitate the analysis of, reporting on, and general understanding of overall Internet site activity trends and patterns. This profile functions “out-of the box” with a baseline installation of Site. 
* The **Value profile** includes a set of metrics and dimensions and template workspaces, reports, and dashboards associated with the built-in Site business value and conversion model. This profile allows users to identify value events on the site and associate a monetary value to those events.

  This profile expands your site analysis capabilities by providing a Business Value Model, an advanced method for measuring and tracking the amount of value generated by your site. Value events and their relative value are defined through a simple drag and drop interface within Site. Site uses these definitions to calculate the business value generated by each session, and this information is used in turn to define metrics such as value, value events, conversion, and so on. These metrics enables you to answer questions such as:

    * What is the most profitable path through the site? 
    * What referrer or campaign has generated the most value? 
    * What is the average number of purchases on the site per day? (How many value events occur per day on average?)

  After you have defined a Business Value Model in Site, you can use the Value metrics and dimensions in your analysis.

* The **Marketing profile** includes set of metrics and dimensions and template workspaces, reports, and dashboards associated with analysis of Internet marketing campaigns, including search analysis and extended referrer analysis.

Adobe also provides the following optional profiles to use:

* The** IP Geo-location profile** includes dimensions and layer files related to the analysis of visitors’ locations based on IP geo-location data provided to Adobe by Quova, Inc., and incorporated into data workbench. 
* The IP Geo-intelligence profile includes dimensions and layer files related to the analysis of visitor’s locations based on IP geo-intelligence data provided to Adobe by Digital Envoy, Inc., and incorporated into data workbench.

For information about the IP-Geo-location and IP Geo-intelligence profiles, contact your Adobe support personnel. The following sections describe the metrics and dimensions defined in each of the baseline profiles. 
