---
description: Data Workbench 6.4 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.
seo-description: Data Workbench 6.4 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.
seo-title: Data Workbench 6.4 Release Notes
title: Data Workbench 6.4 Release Notes
uuid: da2f752c-6857-4565-93ba-8761ac6a09fd
---

# Data Workbench 6.4 Release Notes{#data-workbench-release-notes}

Data Workbench 6.4 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.

To view previous features and fixes for past releases, see the [release notes archive](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes_prev.pdf).

## New Features {#section-e844b52c18484e99bdda5c361402247d}

Data Workbench 6.4 includes these new features: 

<table id="table_9305F30AEF5D49B2B052D1E7C9570D2C"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> <b>DWB 6.4 Features </b> </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <p><b> <a href="../../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-4/dwb-crs-integration.md#concept-ac552c955dc5467c97a472affba7a343" format="dita" scope="local"> Exporting to Analytics Core Services </a></b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> The <b>Customer Record Service</b> (CRS) export feature lets you export Data Workbench data from the Details Table to the Adobe Analytics Core Services to integrate with other Analytics' capabilities, including <i>Reports &amp; Analytics</i>. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <p><b> <a href="../../../home/c-install-insight/install-setup/dwb-client-installer.md#concept-8e398bba03814dbdbc0cb84033153a63" format="dita" scope="local"> Workstation Setup Wizard </a></b> </p> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> Set up the Data Workbench (Client) using a step-by-step installation wizard. Download, set options, install the workbench, and synch up with servers. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> <a href="../../../home/c-install-insight/install-setup/dwb-client-installer.md#li-c14823d5838e4f0e832bb5db68212855" format="dita" scope="local"> Enhanced Workstation Configuration Experience </a> </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> <p>After installation of the workstation, the <b>Configure Connections to the Server</b> workspace will open with additional information about <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=c_insght_config_param" format="https" scope="external"> entering server connection information </a> in the <b>Insight.cfg</b> file. You can also view the connection status to your servers and select profiles. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> <a href="../../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-4/dwb-6-4-present-layer.md#concept-1235f55dfeb14e0898a1cbc13a827f67" format="dita" scope="local"> Presentation Layer </a></b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> Annotate and clarify visualizations using a presentation overlay. Add text call-outs, arrows, images, and color coding to highlight and clarify your data, and then share with others. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> <a href="../../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-4/dwb-6-4-metric-dim.md#concept-7c77d511b1bb4705804ed5b098cd49de" format="dita" scope="local"> Metric Dim Wizard </a> </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> Employ a step-by-step wizard to facilitate building metric dimensions. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> <a href="../../../home/c-inst-svr/c-admin-inst-svr/c-config-acs-ctrl/dwb-self-admin-member-access.md#concept-c714eb8b76f348eb8c4436a49155e5a0" format="dita" scope="local"> User Administration of Group Member Access </a> </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> Administrators can give workstation users the partial ability to manage access control for custom groups. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> <a href="../../../home/c-get-started/c-admin-intrf/c-prof-mgr/dwb-profile-lock.md#concept-576c98b8927e45acb45dce43f60406e2" format="dita" scope="local"> Locking Profiles in the Workstation </a> </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> You can prevent profiles from being overwritten by users working in the Profile, Dimensions, Reports, Workspaces, Metrics, or Filters managers. In the <b>Profile Manager</b>, save the <span class="filepath"> Internal.cfg </span> file to a custom profile to prevent multiple profile files in your system from being overwritten on the server. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> <a href="../../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-4/dwb-6-4-ui-features.md#concept-0cd36b0fe50944479f55fdd5ff25ff00" format="dita" scope="local"> New User Interface Features </a> </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> Data Workbench 6.4 adds new workspace icons, tool tips, splash screens, and an &lt;F1&gt; shortcut to the help. It also lets you open your log files by selecting the Help &gt; Open Trace Directory from the toolbar. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> Updated Clustering algorithm </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> <b>Expectation Maximization</b> added to Clustering feature. <p>This is an <i>Adobe Analytics Premium</i> feature. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>Updated Logging information </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> Data workbench now uses an expanded logging framework "L4" which provides the ability to configure logging based on the need. The default implementation that comes with the 6.4 package provides vital information on the software processing. Logging can be expanded with additional information to troubleshoot server events and help analyze underlying issues, including additional information for associated server, client and report server. <p>For additional support in implementing additional L4 logging, please contact your account manager. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>New cfg file for ExportIntegration.exe logging options </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> <p>A new <b> <span class="filepath"> httpLoggingEI.cfg </span></b> configuration file (located at <b> <span class="filepath"> server\Admin\Export\httpLoggingEI.cfg </span></b>) lets you stop INFO logging to the <b> <span class="filepath"> HTTP.log </span></b> file during Export Integration exports. (The CRS, TNT, and MMP exports already capture verbose logging in individual export log files.) </p> <p>A <i>true</i> setting starts INFO logging (for testing and detailed reporting) to the <b> <span class="filepath"> HTTP.log </span></b> file, and a <i>false</i> setting stops verbose logging. For a <i>false</i> setting, only a WARNING/ERROR level messages will be sent to the <b> <span class="filepath"> HTTP.log </span></b> file. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>Zoom feature for Graph visualizations </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> Use the zoom feature to better view metric labels when values reach a higher disparity. Previously the label would disappear with the change in the contrast of values-for example, when you set a higher metric regression value against previous values. You can now zoom in to the visualization by clicking &lt;Ctrl&gt; and moving the mouse wheel while hovering over the graph. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>New Color Picker tool </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> <p>A new color picker lets you select colors from a simple palette of colors, or select the <b>Advanced</b> tab to pick from a gradation scale or enter your own RGB values. </p> <p>  </p>
    <table id="table_544D6A729AEB4066BBFC039369A1B56C">  
    </table> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>Finders now export more meta information </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> More meta information is provided when exporting dimensions and metrics from the Finder. 
    <ul id="ul_8F7869DE6A4B4E289A8CBCFD9D9461FB"> 
     <li id="li_69D30CEA956D499AA49CF360FFFAA1DF">Metrics Finder output now includes <i>Name</i> and <i>Formula</i>. </li> 
     <li id="li_D2C8AA0BC30F46FDBC30D0C8FD918396">Dimensions Finder output includes <i>Name</i>, <i>Type</i>, and <i>Parent</i>. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>Insight.exe and InsightSetup.exe are now digitally signed. </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> These executables are now digitally signed to ensure that the software downloads have not been altered or corrupted. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> Date format options </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> You can change the date format based on your locale in the <b> <span class="filepath"> Standard Time Dimensions.cfg </span></b> file. Change the default <b><i>MM/DD/YYYY</i></b> format to the <i><b>DD/MM/YYYY</b></i> format or choose other options. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>Files visualization broken out </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> <p>The <b>Files</b> visualization (<b> <span class="filepath"> Admin &gt; Files </span></b>) for Base profiles will not include larger directories (removed Logs, Exports, and Lookups) when reporting. This will increase the speed in displaying the report. </p> <p>The larger directories now have their own individual reports ( Admin / Export Files, Lookup Files and Log Files). </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b> <a href="../../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-4/dwb-device-atlas-upgrade.md#concept-8238629833834bc1b905d86d7c217c2f" format="dita" scope="local"> Device Atlas with In-Memory Cache </a> </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> The <b>DeviceAtlas.bundle</b> file now uses in-memory cache to greatly improve the performance of look-ups. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>Updated Chord visualization </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> Improved visibility when hovering over a section when viewing the <b>Chord</b> visualization. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1" valign="top" align="left"> <b>Drag dimensions from Finder to a Detail Table </b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2" valign="top" align="left"> From the workstation, you can now drag dimensions from <b>Finder</b> panel directly to the <b>Detail Table</b> in a workspace. </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Upgrade Requirements {#section-84f8f38e9c424d7788c79146fce5a6fe}

Follow these requirements and recommendations when upgrading to Data Workbench 6.4.

>[!IMPORTANT]
>
>It is recommended that you use the newly installed default configuration files and customize them, rather than moving files from a previous installation—with these exceptions:

* **Add** ***Excluded Processes*** for *MS System Center Endpoint Protection in Windows 2012 Servers* for the following executables:

    * **[!DNL InsightServer64.exe]** 
    * **[!DNL ReportServer.exe]** 
    * **[!DNL ExportIntegration.exe]**

  This will allow "white list" rights for these interfacing executables. 

* **Update the *Trust_ca_cert.pem* certificate on the servers**. 
* **Reorganization of Attribution Profiles**.

    * The *Attribution* folder was renamed to ***Attribution - Premium*** (found in the default installation at *Profiles*\*Attribution - Premium*). 
    
    * The *Premium* profile was removed and the workspace moved to the new ***Attribution - Premium*** folder.

* **Update *Attribution-Premium* settings**. If you have customized profiles with parameter settings that override the default *Adobe SC* profile, then you need to update the custom fields in these configuration files:

    * **[!DNL Decoding Instructions.cfg]** 
    * **[!DNL SC Fields.cfg]**

* Because of this reorganization, you will want to remove the old *Attribution* and *Premium* folders from your server installation.

  **Change these settings** 

  ```
  Profile = profileInfo:  
    Active = bool: true 
    Directories = vector: 6 items 
      0 = string: Base\\ 
      1 = string: Geography\\ 
      2 = string: Predictive Analytics\\ 
      3 = string: Adobe SC\\ 
      4 = string: Attribution\\ 
      5 = string: Premium\\
  ```

  to these settings:

  ```
  Profile = profileInfo:  
    Active = bool: true 
    Directories = vector: 5 items 
      0 = string: Base\\ 
      1 = string: Geography\\ 
      2 = string: Predictive Analytics\\ 
      3 = string: Adobe SC\\ 
      4 = string: Attribution - Premium\\
  ```

* **Update custom Meta.cfg files** (if necessary).

  The **[!DNL Meta.cfg]** files in **[!DNL Base\Context and AdobeSC\Context]** folders have been updated in this release.

  If you override the **meta.cfg** file during installation, then your profile copy needs to be updated with this these parameters and the **metadata vector** appropriately entered:

  ```
  94 = meta: 
    path = string: SegmentExport:CRS Configuration/CRS Attributes 
    acceptable children = vector: 1 items 
      0 = Template: 
        name = string: CRS Attributes 
        value = CRSAttributeConfiguration: 
          Attribute Name = string: 
          Attribute Type(int,string) = string: 
          Field Name = string: 
           
  95 = meta: 
    path = string: SegmentExportQuery:CRS Configuration/Report Suite 
    acceptable children = vector: 1 items 
      0 = Template 
        name = string: Add Report Suite 
        value = string:
  ```

* **Set Report Server permissions** to generate Microsoft Excel reports On Windows 2012 servers.

    1. Set permission of the root folder (**[!DNL E:\ReportServer\]**) to* Everyone = full control*. 
    1. Create the following folders with appropriate permissions:     
    
       ```    
       C:\Windows\SysWOW64\config\systemprofile\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\INetCac‌he 
       C:\Windows\System32\config\systemprofile\AppData\Local\Microsoft\Windows\INetCac‌he 
       C:\Windows\System32\config\systemprofile\Desktop 
       C:\Windows\SysWOW64\config\systemprofile\Desktop
       ```

       >[!NOTE]
       >
       >If you are running Report Server on Windows Server 2012, you need to have Windows Server 2012 R2 installed.

    1. Assign "SYSTEM" as the owner for these folders.

* **Add fonts to the Report Server. ** In the ** [!DNL ReportServer.cfg]**file, add these fonts (for all languages): 

  ```
  Fonts = vector: 3 items 
    0 = string: Arial 
    1 = string: SimSun 
    2 = string: MS Mincho
  ```

* **Update your version of Microsoft Excel** (if necessary).

  With the release of Data Workbench 6.4, support for Excel 2007 has been discontinued. Also because Data Workbench only runs on Microsoft Windows for 64-bit architecture, it is recommended that you also install a 64-bit version of Microsoft Excel. 

* **64-bit architecture** required for Workstation (Client) installation. 
* **Run the Workstation Setup Wizard**.

  Install the new version of the workstation (client) by downloading and launching ***InsightSetup.exe*** and stepping through the setup instructions. The setup wizard will install your files to a new location by default:

  Program files are now saved by default to: 

  ```
  C:\Program Files\Adobe\Adobe Analytics\Data Workbench
  ```

  Data Files (profiles, certificates, trace logs, and user files) are now saved by default to: 

  ```
  C:\Users\<username>\AppData\Local\Adobe\Adobe Analytics\Data Workbench\
  ```

* **Add fonts to the Workstation**.

  In the ** [!DNL Insight.cfg]** file, add these fonts (for all languages):

  ```
  Fonts = vector: 3 items 
    0 = string: Arial 
    1 = string: SimSun 
    2 = string: MS Mincho
  ```

## System Updates {#section-8e6b9dcaf333453bb2079b151bbbce93}

These features have been renamed, deleted, or the installation files or folders were restructured in this release:

* The **Base.zip** folder is no longer included in the version update package. 
* The **DeviceAtlas.bundle** file now uses an in-memory cache to improve the performance of lookups. 
* In the **Log Processing.cfg** file, the *Chunk Size* parameter under *Log Sources* was removed. 

* In the **Disk Files.cfg** file, the *Detect Disk Corruption* parameter was removed in these locations:

[!DNL \server\components\disk files.cfg]

[!DNL \server\components for processing servers\disk files.cfg] 

* New service descriptions for *Adobe Analytics Premium Services* and for *Adobe Analytics Premium Report Services* in the executable properties. 

* The* Master Marketing Profile Export* feature in the Details Table was renamed to ***Profiles & Audiences Export***. 

* The *Test and Target Export *feature in the Details Table was renamed to ***Adobe Target Export***.

## Fixed Bugs {#section-bcdd732af53249b893d30bb42eeb14fc}

The following fixes were made in Data Workbench 6.4 (since the release of Data Workbench 6.31).

* Propensity score wasn't resetting when rerunning different inputs in the same workspace. This now resets properly. 
* No countable dimensions available when first opening the Correlation Matrix has been fixed. 
* Export of Target segments were failing because the mboxPC field was missing. This is now fixed. 
* ID request formatted correctly. Using the mbox3rdpartyId identification instead of default PCIDs caused Adobe Target to reject requests generated via the Target/Data Workbench integration (using the ** [!DNL ExportIntegration.exe]**). This ID request is now being formatted correctly and throughput is successful. 
* Report Server memory leak when exporting to Excel has been fixed.

## Known Issues {#section-d0cd72e82d1444a2b069dfcda5d7692a}

The following are known restrictions in Data Workbench 6.4.

* ** [!DNL ExportIntegration.exe]** requires command-line arguments in English. The output file name should be named in English for *Adobe Target Export*, *Profiles and Audiences Export*, and *Customer Record Service Export*. 

* In the *Profiles and Audience Export*, entering unauthorized characters ([CR] or [TAB]) as column names generates incorrect logs resulting in data not exporting correctly. 
* In Chinese and Japanese versions, Unicode character encoding issue might be encountered in the Path Browser.
