---
description: Data Workbench 6.5 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.
seo-description: Data Workbench 6.5 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.
seo-title: Data Workbench 6.5 Release Notes
title: Data Workbench 6.5 Release Notes
uuid: 20d7da13-3de9-416e-bfc2-cdc1dac310fe
---

# Data Workbench 6.5 Release Notes{#data-workbench-release-notes}

Data Workbench 6.5 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.

To view previous features and fixes for past releases, see the [release notes archive](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/insight_release_notes_prev.pdf).

[New Features](../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-5.md#section-e844b52c18484e99bdda5c361402247d)

[Upgrade Requirements](../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-5.md#section-84f8f38e9c424d7788c79146fce5a6fe)

[System Updates](../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-5.md#section-bcdd732af53249b893d30bb42eeb14fc)

[Fixed Bugs](../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-5.md#section-3c47f9177e9d40d8938a5710399dc88f)

[Known Issues](../../home/c-release-notes-insight/c-6-5.md#section-350ae121ca3442babbef4d0a2b027df1)

## New Features {#section-e844b52c18484e99bdda5c361402247d}

Data Workbench 6.5 includes these new features: 

<table id="table_9305F30AEF5D49B2B052D1E7C9570D2C"> 
 <thead> 
  <tr> 
   <th colname="col1" class="entry"> <b>DWB 6.5 Features </b> </th> 
   <th colname="col2" class="entry"> Description </th> 
  </tr> 
 </thead>
 <tbody> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <b>Association Table</b> and <b>Association Chord</b> visualizations </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=associations-visualization" format="https" scope="external"> Association Table </a> and <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=associations-chord" format="https" scope="external"> Association Chord </a> visualizations let you associate metrics with metrics, dimensions, and dimension elements using the Cramer's V algorithm. The Associations Table and Chord compares values using the Cramer's V calculation rather than using Pearson's correlation coefficient as employed in the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=c_correlation_analysis" format="https" scope="external"> Correlation Matrix </a> and <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=c_chord_visualization" format="https" scope="external"> Correlation Chord </a> visualizations (these can only compare metrics, while the Association Table and Chord can compare metrics, dimensions, and elements). </p> <p>To open, select <b>Visualization</b> &gt; <b>Predictive Analytics</b> &gt; <b>Association Table</b> or <b>Association Chord</b> from the workspace. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <b>Regression Tree</b> option for Decision Trees </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>Evaluate a Decision Tree using the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=c_decision_trees_regression" format="https" scope="external"> Regression Tree option </a> by right-clicking and selecting Options &gt; <b>Regression Tree</b> within a Decision Tree visualization. </p> <p> <b>Updated Decision Tree builder</b>: The new algorithm was introduced for building a <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=c_decision_trees" format="https" scope="external"> Decision Tree </a>. It handles more general data and provides a more informative visualization to improve the precision of the prediction. </p> <p> <b>Improved data sampling module</b>: An updated adaptive sampling scheme helps Decision Tree and Propensity Score achieve higher precision results. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Report Server support for Predictive Analysis and Best Fit Attribution visualizations </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Best Fit Attribution, Propensity Score, Correlation Matrix, Correlation Chord, Association Table, and Association Chord visualizations are now multi-pass visualizations, allowing them to run in Report Server. However, only one multi-pass visualization can run in a workspace. (See <i>Known Issues</i> below.) </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Context-aware visualizations </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> When you drag and drop within a workspace, any visualization open in the workspace that can accept what is being dragged (metrics, dimension elements, etc.) visually identifies itself, allowing you to see the visualizations capable of accepting the dragged item. The visualization's border is highlighted in blue showing that the metric being dragged to the visualization is capable of accepting the dragged metric. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <b>Save Filter</b> button </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> When you select an item within a workspace—a detail table, visualization, filter, or other item—a <b>Save Filter</b> button opens on the toolbar allowing you to <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=c_filter_editors" format="https" scope="external"> create a filter </a> for the item selected, allowing you to enter a name for the filter before saving it to the profile. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <b>New Layout</b> for editing configuration files </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>The <b>New Layout</b> interface lets you quickly open and edit .cfg, .dim, .metric and other files in the Configuration tree (the config file editor) by right-clicking and selecting from drop-down menus in a workspace. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <b>Ctrl &gt; O</b> and <b>Ctrl &gt; E</b> quick keys to open and edit files </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> New <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=analytics-quick-keys-for-dataworkbench" format="https" scope="external"> Keyboard Shortcuts </a> 
    <ul id="ul_E19515FE16734246B4C262528BA306F6"> 
     <li id="li_193D8170E99B4CC6A88175BE995268B8">Type <b>Ctrl &gt; O</b> in a workspace to open a visualization (.vw) file. It is the same as selecting Add &gt; Open from the toolbar. </li> 
     <li id="li_C831D69D30784AB9B85A68B4FE15C8A5">Type <b>Ctrl &gt; E</b> in a workspace to edit a configuration file by default, or browse to open other file types. </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> New <b>Add &gt; Edit</b> menu option </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Right-click and select <b>Edit</b> in a workspace (or from the toolbar) to open <span class="filepath"> .cfg </span> files by default, or Select All to browse to other <span class="filepath"> .dim </span>, <span class="filepath"> .metric </span> and <span class="filepath"> .vw </span> files. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Open recent or pinned files </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> The <b>Open</b> files feature now lists the most current files and files you want "pinned" to the menu for quick access. Right-click and select <b>Open</b> from menu in a workspace, or select <b>Add &gt; Open</b> and <b>Add &gt; Edit</b> from the toolbar. <p>Attention:  Click the pin icon next to the item to save the workspace in the menu. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Improved <b>Filter </b>descriptions </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> New easy-to-understand descriptions of the applied filters will now display in these visualizations and editors: 
    <ul id="ul_6754AF1706EB4F108B4C40ADCF928693"> 
     <li id="li_1D32F455E9F148BB8AEA00DE2397D8C2"><b>Filter Editor</b> (when you hover over the title) </li> 
     <li id="li_79BEA1D97EE8491CA022568844EF41B7"><b>Filter</b> panel on the Finder </li> 
     <li id="li_F04B9511E1DC43D99403D74D44C1729C"><b>Propensity Score</b> visualization </li> 
     <li id="li_326028BFFEC04483837D7A62B34F4D79"><b>Cluster Builder</b> visualization </li> 
     <li id="li_5BAE98C79ACD4DDCB2570E5698693E42"><b>Decision Tree Builder</b> visualization </li> 
    </ul> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> International Formats for Metrics </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Format configuration files were added to support international delimiters in metrics. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> S/FTP Delivery </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> An <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=exporting_data" format="https" scope="external"> SFTP/FTP export </a> was added to the Export Integration framework. You can now configure settings from the client (workstation) and export using CSV, TSV, Segment Export, or Segment Export with Header using FTP and SFTP protocols, allowing you to send files to servers. <p>Select any of the exports by right-clicking on a <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/?f=c_segment_export" format="https" scope="external"> Detail Table </a>. Once selected, an export configuration table opens allowing you to add or update export settings. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Using <i>Windows Certificates Store</i> in the workstation (client) </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>You can now store the SSL certificate and private key for the Data Workbench Client (Workstation) in the <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/install/?f=crypto-api" format="https" scope="external"> Windows Certificate store </a> for SSL communication with servers. Using the <i>Windows Certificate Store</i> may be preferable for those who manage certificates in a single store. (See <i>Known Issues.</i>) </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <b>String Encryption</b> as a service </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> <p>A <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/svrprod/?f=string_encryption" format="https" scope="external"> new encryption feature </a> encrypts strings and stores them with keys in the <i>Window's Credentials Store</i>. </p> </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Windows in workspace resize proportionally </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Windows in a workspace now resize proportionally when you resize from a corner by holding down the &lt;Shift&gt; key. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> <b>Correlation Matrix</b> recalculates automatically </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Correlation Matrix no longer requires a <b>Recalculate</b> option in the right-click menu. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Updates to User Administration of Group Members </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Changes to <span class="filepath"> Access Control.cfg </span>and <span class="filepath"> User List.cfg </span> added to <b>Base</b> package for use with <a href="https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/svrprod/?f=dwb_self_admin_member_access" format="https" scope="external"> User Admin of Group Members </a>. </td> 
  </tr> 
  <tr> 
   <td colname="col1"> Updated <b>Query Memory Limit</b> </td> 
   <td colname="col2"> Updated <b>Query Memory Limit</b> setting in <b>DPU.cfg</b> from <i>unsigned int</i> to <i>__int64</i> is now available for those who wish to use more than 4 GB for this value. </td> 
  </tr> 
 </tbody> 
</table>

## Upgrade Requirements {#section-84f8f38e9c424d7788c79146fce5a6fe}

Follow these requirements and recommendations when upgrading to Data Workbench 6.5.

* Changes in the ** [!DNL Components for Processing Servers\Communications.cfg]** file require you to update this file for the DWB 6.5 release. The *SourceListServer*, *SegmentExportServer*, and *NormalizeServer* entries were removed. (DPU's should not be running *sourcelist*, *segment export*, or *normalize servers*. )

## System Updates {#section-bcdd732af53249b893d30bb42eeb14fc}

These features have been renamed, deleted, or the installation files or folders were restructured in this release:

* Correlation Chord, Correlation Matrix, Association Chord, Association Matrix, Propensity Score, and Best Fit Attribution visualizations are now **multi-pass visualizations**, allowing them to run in Report Server. 

  >[!IMPORTANT]
  >
  >You can only have one multi-pass visualization in a workspace. 
  >
  >
  >When there are more than one multi-pass visualizations in a workspace, Report Server will fail to generate reports by default and throw the following error: 
  >
  >
  >```  >
  >Too many Multipass visualizations in workspace ....... (has #, 1 allowed).
  >```  >
  >
  >Avoid this error by updating your [!DNL ReportServer.cfg] file or add this line to your existing file in the *Reporting* section.   >
  >
  >```  >
  >Max Multipass Per Slice = int: 1
  >```  >
  >
  >The *Max Multipass Per Slice* value must remain set at 1 (See *Known Issues*).

* Changes made to files in the [!DNL Server\Menu\]** [!DNL Admin]** folder.

    * Removed Lookups. 
    * Added Archive Files and User Files. 
    * Modified Files, Export Files, Log Files.

  Updated files include: 

  ```
  Base\Menu\Admin\Order.txt (changes to menu)
  ```

  ```
  Base\Menu\Admin\Files.vw (removed Lookups and Events string, added 
  Archive and Users strings)
  ```

  ```
  Base\Menu\Admin\Archive Files.vw
  ```

  ```
  Base\Menu\Admin\User Files.vw
  ```

* Changes made to files in the [!DNL Base\Context\]** [!DNL ServerDetails]** folder: 

  ```
  Base\Context\ServerDetails\Archive Files.vw
  ```

  ```
  Base\Context\ServerDetails\Export Files.vw
  ```

  ```
  Base\Context\ServerDetails\Log Files.vw
  ```

  ```
  Base\Context\ServerDetails\User Files.vw
  ```

  ```
  Base\Context\serverdetails\files.vw
  ```

  ```
  Base\workspaces\admin\dataset and profile\server files.vw
  ```

* Changes made to the [self-administration of member access](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/whatsnew/?f=c_6_5_).

  A new file in the *Base* and *Server* packages includes a [!DNL User List.cfg] for Admins to update for member access.

## Fixed Bugs {#section-3c47f9177e9d40d8938a5710399dc88f}

The following are prominent fixes made in Data Workbench 6.5 (since the release of Data Workbench 6.4).

* Fixed block decoding bug that was introduced in release 6.4. Issue was encountered during processing of a very large visitor. 
* Fixed alignment bug introduced with compiler upgrade. Issue affected Replication in release 6.4

## Known Issues {#section-350ae121ca3442babbef4d0a2b027df1}

* Use of the *Windows Certificate Store* is limited to the English only (no Chinese or Japanese language support). 
* *Regression Analysis* on graphs does not recognize new workspace selections. A possible workaround is to redo the regression after making a new selection. 
* The *Max Multipass Per Slice* value must remain set at 1. You cannot have more than one of the following visualizations in a single workspace intended for Report Server: Propensity Score, Best Fit Attribution, Association Matrix, Association Chord, Correlation Matrix, or Correlation Chord.

** [Additional Data Workbench Documentation online](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/)** 
