---
description: Data Workbench 6.6 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.
seo-description: Data Workbench 6.6 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.
seo-title: Data Workbench 6.6 Release Notes
title: Data Workbench 6.6 Release Notes
uuid: b9b512ea-ce31-4b27-a47c-206a61148c4c
index: y
internal: n
snippet: y
---

# Data Workbench 6.6 Release Notes{#data-workbench-release-notes}

Data Workbench 6.6 release notes include new features, upgrade requirements, fixed bugs, and known issues.

## New Features {#section-e844b52c18484e99bdda5c361402247d}

Data Workbench 6.6 includes these new features:

**Smart Feature Selection**

The Smart Feature provides automated feature selection when using the Propensity Scoring visualization. You no longer need to select the independent variables from a long list of metrics and dimensions.

Select **Options > Feature **to enable the feature selection menu. If the **Feature Reduction** option is not selected, you can make the system explore additional model inputs from the entire set of metrics while retaining user-added metrics. Checking **Feature Reduction** will make the system select the most relevant metrics from the user metrics. 

>[!NOTE]
>
>While using Smart Feature Selection for an empty model, **Feature Selection Settings** are redundant.

Selecting **More Features** or **Less Features** from the **Level Setting** menu makes the selection algorithm add feature sets to the model. In some cases both setting types may return the same model. 
**Segment Export Wizard** The [Segment Export Wizard](https://marketing.adobe.com/resources/help/en_US/insight/client/segment-export.html) provides a step-by-step process to configure and export segments.

**New export executable for Target exports**

To export Adobe Target data, a new [!DNL TargetBulkUpload.exe] has been developed to replace the [!DNL ExportIntegration.exe] for Target exports. If a user wants to move legacy exports to [!DNL TargetBulkUpload.exe], then exports have to be changed (change [!DNL mbox3rdPartyId] to [!DNL thirdPartyId]).

**L4 Logging**

An option for **L4 Logging** has been added under [!DNL Server > Admin > Export] menu ,as well as a new configuration file ( [!DNL loggingDetails.cfg]). This allows you to turn GE and L4 logging on and off. By default, L4 Logging will be set to *true* and GE Logging will be set to *false* in the configuration file, but you can change these settings as needed. This is only for exports using the [!DNL exportintegration.exe].

**New Presentation Layer options**

You can now set transparency and border thickness for Circle and Rectangle shapes within the Presentation Layer. Right-click on the object and select **No Fill** to make it transparent. Four border thickness options are present under **Outline**—Thin, Medium, Thick, Thickest.

**New options for Correlation and Association Chord diagrams**

New grouping options have been added in the Correlation Chord and Association Chord diagrams. The right-click menu now includes **Add Group**, **Remove Group**, and **Add to Group**.

Grouping will display once you populate your chord. All elements part of the same grouping will be based on the group's color. You can set the group's color like you would set an element's colors. If a grouping is deleted, then the elements are moved to Ungrouped.

**Set transparency and border thickness for annotations**

You can now set the transparency and border size of circles and rectangles to [highlight and annotate visualizations](../../home/c-get-started/c-vis/c-present-layer.md#concept-1235f55dfeb14e0898a1cbc13a827f67) in a workspace. New options for the circle and rectangle include a **No Fill** option for transparency and border thickness settings of **Thin**, **Medium**, or **Thickest**.

**XML Decoder enhancements**

You can now use the **#value** tag in XML paths to pull the value of an XML element. For example, you can now read the attribute value of the **<Hit><Page name="Home Page" index="20">home.html </Page></Hit>** tag using a **Hit.Page.#value** expression. See [XML Decoder Groups](../../home/c-dataset-const-proc/c-dataset-inc-files/c-types-dataset-inc-files/c-log-proc-dataset-inc-files/c-xml-dec-grps.md#concept-5eda5ab253724674832f6951e2a0d1c3) for additional information.

**New features in Propensity Score**

Within the toolbar button you can now choose to either **Save a filter** or automatically launch Propensity Scoring with a new feature selection capability. The Propensity Scoring opens the builder with the workspace selections applied for the dependent variable, enables the selected features, and lets you hit **Go** to start.

It is now possible to save a Propensity Score Model as a JavaScript file. After the model is built click on **Save** > **Save JavaScript**.

**Additional Visit level predictive builders**

Added new predictive builders with Visit as the root countable dimension for Propensity Scoring, Clustering, and Decision Trees.

**Additional Latency visualizations**

Added a set of Latency visualizations. The former latency visualizations looked at an equal period around the event (-7 to +7 days) to create an assignment. This works well for only one event per clip, but doesn't give adequate results when there are multiple events, such as multiple conversions.

We have reorganized and added additional latency visualizations to the menu that are configured to evaluate latency before an event, after an event, and before and after a single event.

**Updates to [!DNL report.cfg] **

You can now view dates in calendar format in the [!DNL report.cfg] configuration tree.

**Chord Visualization updates**

Implemented the ability to scale in the [Chord Visualization](../../home/c-get-started/c-analysis-vis/c-chord-visualization.md#concept-ca600beb11674f3bb2696edf41f1dda9) and [Pie Chart](../../home/c-get-started/c-analysis-vis/c-pie-chart.md#concept-65bd6e41ee814684a7f53ea69142f21c) visualizations. You can scale by holding down <Ctrl> key and using the mouse wheel, or by right-clicking on the window border, selecting a value to scale, and entering a value.

**Access to Detailed Status**

Sensor 5.0 supports:

* 2048 bits certificates signed using SHA256. 
* Support for Apache Server 2.4 on Linux, Sun Solaris, or FreeBSD 
* Support for Apache Server 2.4 on Windows Server 2000 or later

Access to **Detailed Status** is now restricted to Power Users and Administrators by default.

## System Updates {#section-bcdd732af53249b893d30bb42eeb14fc}

These features have been renamed, deleted, or the installation files or folders were restructured in this release:

* Default extension for a **[!DNL reportserver.cfg]** file is now **.xlsx**. 

* Additions to**[!DNL Insight.cfg]** (the configuration tree).

    * printf format: You can now set the [!DNL printf] format from the **Insight.cfg** tree. 
    
    * V3D: You can now set a V3D setting using three associated edit boxes. 
    * Date and Time: You can now set the date and time from a dropdown menu.

* The Page Overlay feature has been removed from the options menu for a URL table element. If you have an older workspace with a page overlay visualization and click on the **Refresh Page** menu option, a dialog will appear stating: *This feature has been deprecated due to security concerns*.

## Fixed Bugs {#section-3c47f9177e9d40d8938a5710399dc88f}

The following are prominent fixes made in Data Workbench 6.6 (since the release of Data Workbench 6.52).

* Fix to Best Fit Attribution (algorithmic attribution): Coefficients were are all zeros when SGD was used to converge. This has been fixed.

## Known Issues {#section-350ae121ca3442babbef4d0a2b027df1}

* The **[!DNL targetbulkupload.exe]** requires command-line arguments in English. The output file name should be in English for Adobe Target Export, Profiles and Audiences Export, and Customer Record Service Export.

